OSD-15612: Updated Readme for the latest release (#136)
openshift/pagerduty-short-circuiter: README.md

- Users will be provided with alert metadata in the terminal.
- Users can switch between different PagerDuty teams they're a part of.
- Users can acknowledge incidents assigned to them.

> - Users can see whom the alerts have been assigned to

Reviewer: Probably best to add a full-stop at the end of each sentence :)

> - Users can navigate between windows and tabs using key shortcuts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can navigate between Tmux windows and tabs using key shortcuts
```

For further installation instructions please follow the repository [docs](https://github.com/openshift/ocm-container#readme).

## Installation

> ### Option 1: Download from the Release Page
> 
> 1. Download the latest release zip from the release page according to your OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: Download binary

1. Download the latest release from the [releases](https://github.com/openshift/pagerduty-short-circuiter/releases) page.
```

$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/openshift/pagerduty-short-circuiter
$ git clone https://github.com/openshift/pagerduty-short-circuiter.git .
```

> You need to have go installed, the minimal version required is go 1.18.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have `go` installed, the minimum required version is go 1.18.
```

| Change to Slide with [Num]                                     | Ctrl + `B` + [Num]            | Move to a particular slide                                            |
| Exit Slide                                                     | Ctrl + `E` / `e`              | Exit a slide                                                          |
| Quit                                                           | Ctrl + `Q` / `q`              | Exit kite                                                             |

## List of Avaialble Commands
## Login

- In order to use any PagerDuty CLI features you will have to login first.
- This tool needs zero-configuration, thus only a one-time login is required.
- In order to login, a user must have a
```
1. Valid PagerDuty API key.
2. Valid GitHub Access Token 
 ```

_**Note - For the GitHub Token, generate a `classsic` token with read-only access**_

To log into PagerDuty CLI use the command:

```
kite login
```
This will prompt the user for the PagerDuty API key and GitHub Token with necessary instructions of how to generate one. The API key and Token will be saved for future use to the `~/.config/kite/config.json` file.

> The `login` command has options to login overwriting the existing API key or the GitHub Token. For example, if you want to login via another user account or your API key has changed, you can login like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `login` command has options to overwrite the existing API key or the GitHub Token. For example, if you want to login via another user account or your API key has changed, you can login like this:
```

| View acknowledged incidents                                    | `1`                           | Displays all acknowledged incidents.                                   |
| View triggered incidents                                       | `2`                           | Displays all open incidents assigned to the user.                      |
| View alert data                                                | `Enter`⏎                      | Displays the alert details.                                            |
| Cluster login                                                  | `Y` / `y`                     | In the alert details view, once pressed, spawns an ocm-container instance and proceeds with login into the alert specific cluster.|
| View SOP                                                       | `S` / `s`                     | Displays the SOP for that alert                                        |
| View Service Logs                                              | `L` / `l`                     | Displays the Service Logs                                              |

> | Refresh Alerts                                                 | `R` / `r`                     | Refreshes the alerts                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Refresh alerts                                                 | `R` / `r`                     | Refreshes the alerts                                                   |
```

| Action                                                         | Key                           | Comment                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | View Alerts for Incident                                       | `Enter`⏎                      | Lists all the alerts related to the incident. If there is a single alert, then it open ups the alert metadata                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| View alerts for an incident                                       | `Enter`⏎                      | Lists all the alerts related to the incident. If there is a single alert, then it open ups the alert metadata                          |
```

| Acknowledge incident(s)                                        | `ctrl-a`                      | Acknowledge the selected incidents.                                    |
| Go back                                                        | `Esc`                         | Navigate back to alerts main view.                                     |

### View Service Logs
An alerting cluster's service logs can be viewed while viewing the alert data by pressing `L/l`.

### View SOP for the alert

> To view SOP related to a particular alert a user can run these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view SOP related to a particular alert the user can run these commands:
```

* To select an alert and view its metadata press `enter`
* To view SOP, press `S`

> This will open a new slide with the SOP. A user needs to make sure he/she has the access to `ops-sop` repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will open a new slide with the SOP. A user needs to make sure he/she has the access to `ops-sop` repository
```
Can add link to the ops-sop repository

> This will open a new slide with the SOP. A user needs to make sure he/she has the access to **[ops-sop](https://github.com/openshift/ops-sop/tree/master)** repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open a the SOP in a new slide. A user needs to make sure they have access to **[ops-sop](https://github.com/openshift/ops-sop/tree/master)** repository
```

| Action                                                         | Key                           | Comment                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| All Teams Oncall                                               | `A` / `a`                     | Displays Escalations and Oncalls for all teams.                        |
| Your Next Oncall Schedule                                      | `N` / `n`                     | Displays your Oncall schedule.                                         |
| Previous Layer Oncall                                          | `[<-]`                        | Displays previous layer of Oncall schedule.                            |

> | Next Layer Oncall                                              | `[->]`                        | Displays next layer Oncall schedule.                                   |

Reviewer: We need not make every sentence Pascal case in the table

```
$ mockgen -source=foo.go -destination=mock/foo_mock.go
```
## List of known Bugs

> There are few bugs that have crawled up during the development. These are listed below :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are a few bugs that have crawled up during the development. These are listed below :
```

> - exit command crashing kite in certain instances when used in shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `exit` command crashes kite in certain instances when used in shell
```
